// Mansoor Ahmad Zafar | mzafar15@myseneca.ca | 100503226 | March 27th, 2023
//
// I have done all the coding myself and only copied the code
// that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.

	Throughout this workshop (08) I have come to a better understanding of virtual functions, abstract class's, inheritance and 
streams. Firstly, I learnt about virutal functions. I leanrt to declare a virtual function, you have to add the virtual keyword before the function return type and identifer.
Then, I learned of how this is actually the easiest way of achiving polymorphism, to get polymorphism, you have to have a virtual function in the base class and the easiest function to make
virtual would be the destructor. Afterwords, I learned of a pure virtual function also known as an abstract function. By adding the equals sign
followed by the number 0 you would have a function that would exist in the derivied class's but not need any implementation for the base class.
After, I learned of how to delete/prevent a function from happening. I learned that by adding the equals sign followed by the keyword 'delete'
would result in a function being inaccessiable/unable to be ran. Next, I learned about the class interactions with multiple inheritance. For example,
the VRVideo class was a derived class from the Video class which was derived from the Media class, which meant, the constructor for video class was created first then the 
constructor for the vrvideo class was made. However, for the destructor, it went in the opposite order, whereas, vrvideo called its destructor first and then video called its destructor after.
followed by A callings its destructor. Finally, I learned about streams better. I learned of how to better read until a new line by having a character array of x length slowly take in
all the data up to its length -1 from the input stream and copy and add it onto the m_equipment. Also, I would like to mention, the part I had encountered the largest amount of difficulty in 
was the reading the vrvideo name. I had no problem of reading the data from the stream however, I kept encountering problems regarding putting it together into m_equipment. I had solved this by cross
referencing the code taught by our professor, Dr Cornel on the topic of using a character array to slowly go through a stream and read the data from the stream and store it onto a dynamically allocated pointer. 