// Mansoor Ahmad Zafar | mzafar15@myseneca.ca | 100503226 | March 12th, 2023
//
// I have done all the coding myself and only copied the code
// that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.

	Throughout this workshop (06) I have come to a better understanding of dynamic memory, checking for self assessments, the copying procedure
and'of' and or 'if' streams. Firstly, in my code I had encountered a memory leak within the load function. In this function even though I had written 
the procedure correctly for deallocating and reallocating the memory for an object, I had my set-empty function incorrect which led to a memory leak. 
Within my set-empty function, I had written a standard set-empty whereas all the members get set to an 'empty' state; however, the issue was within 
the context of my load function if a certain condition failed it would call the set-empty. The issue was that my set-empty never deleted the pointer
 called collection rather just set it to nullptr meaning if the condition failed I would get a memory leak. Secondly, I had learned and used the
 concept of checking for a self assignment. This is when the client is trying to copy the data values from object a to itself (object a). In order 
to check for a self assessment I learnt you just have to do a check ensuring that your lhs isn't not equal to your rhs and if it is, you just return
 the current object. Thirdly, I learnt and used the copy procedure. Within this procedure you deallocate the current memory for the collection then 
followed by re allocating the memory with the size of the collection size from the rhs. Then followed by setting the values from the rhs to the 
current object. Finally, I have come to a better understanding of if and os streams. For example, within the helper >> operator after calling display,
 you also need to have the parameter of the current os stream or you will have an improper output since if you didn't, you're sending a stream with 
nothing but cout rather than with information. Alongside this, I learnt to use the if stream and os stream to both read and write into a file to load
 information and save information into respective files. Also, I would like to mention that the problems I had encountered such as the memory leak and
 improper output from not inputting the os stream were also the challenges that I faced in this workshop. These challenges were resolved with the help
 of my professor Dr. Cornel.